---
layout: single
title: "KRAM 2021"
permalink: /kram2021/
author_profile: true
---

KRAM 2021: How Keanu got his oeuvre back
=================================

The Keanussaince remains alive and well. After what some might consider a midcareer lull in late 2000s, Keanu's celebrity is again shining bright. Now in his mid-fifties (56, to be exact), he has build up an impressive body of work that is ripe for interrogation.

This year's course considers the question "what single Keanu film best captures his [oeuvre](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/oeuvre)?", at least in terms of his cinematic / public persona (for who can really know another man's soul, etc etc). I posit that, despite coming early in his career, *Point Break* most typifies Keanu's oeuvre. We will examine this thesis by studying films that support the thesis, those that do not, and others that fall in a middle ground. We will also investigate similarities and differences in the themes between early and later Keanu films: did Keanu's oeuvre change, thus precipitating the Keanussaince, or has Keanu remained the same while the world changed, finally leading to the appreciation he deserves?

Our investigation into many of the major themes / films with common thematic elements of Keanu's career will also set the stage for deeper dives into specific aspects of Keanu's repertoire as part of future KRAMs.

As last year, KRAM 2021 is being offered as a course that can be taken both pass/fail and for a letter grade, though the grading scale has been updated.


**To register for the course, please complete the following [registration form](https://forms.gle/Zq3uFaaBcMqLNbZ66).** (This will put you on the list for future emails and course updates).

The course will kick off on Saturday, May 1, at 8pm PT. Syllabus to be posted shortly.
